# twitter-joke-bot

## **Twitter's recent [API changes](https://www.forbes.com/sites/jenaebarnes/2023/02/03/twitter-ends-its-free-api-heres-who-will-be-affected/), including the end of free access, impacts the functionality of this project.**

A simple Python project that automates the process of tweeting jokes to a Twitter account utilising the Twitter and OpenAI APIs. Created in an afternoon 😄

### 1. `tweet_machine.py`

The main script of the project. This utilises the Twitter API to post tweets containing jokes generated by the `joke_writing_machine.py`. You'll need to provide your Twitter API keys for authentication. The script imports these keys from a separate file called `secret_keys.py`.

### 2. `joke_writing_machine.py`

This script interacts with OpenAI's GPT-3 to create humourous tweet ideas. It reads wildcard prompts from the `prompt_wildcards.txt` file and combines them with a prompt template, returning a tweet ready to be posted.

### 3. `sort_wildcards.py`

A simple script responsible for sorting the wildcard prompts stored in the `prompt_wildcards.txt` file. 

## Installation

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/moahmed0987/twitter-joke-bot.git
   cd twitter-joke-bot
   ```

2. Create a virtual environment (optional but recommended):

   ```bash
   python -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows, use 'venv\Scripts\activate'
   ```

3. Install the required Python packages:

   ```bash
   pip install openai tweepy
   ```

4. Copy the text below into a file called `secret_keys.py` and fill in your API keys.

   ```bash
   # Twitter API Keys
   twitter_api_key = "YOUR_TWITTER_API_KEY"
   twitter_api_key_secret = "YOUR_TWITTER_API_KEY_SECRET"
   twitter_access_token = "YOUR_TWITTER_ACCESS_TOKEN"
   twitter_access_token_secret = "YOUR_TWITTER_ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET"

   # OpenAI API Key
   openai_api_key_secret = "YOUR_OPENAI_API_KEY_SECRET"

   ```

## Usage

1. Open a terminal in the project directory.

2. To run Tweet Machine, use the following command:

   ```bash
   python tweet_machine.py
   ```

   This will trigger the bot to generate a funny tweet and post it to your Twitter account.